Hello, what's wrong with Doctor Sun?
No Yuning, come and have a look.
A bunch of people around your underground bed
I said I sound like I'm entering
Ok ok I'll be there soon
Didn't you say that Miss Shen will be back soon?
Why haven't you come yet?
Yeah, what's going on?
Miss Shen is here
Miss is here
Okay, Miss Shen
What's your relationship with us?
Have you two ever had any ambition?
This kid
Is that right?
pregnant
What are you doing?
My brother is still mediocre
I warn you not to disturb my brother's rest
I'll answer your questions alone later
Brother, you must save my brother
What you have to do now is
Arrange the technology at the door
This is the hospital
Oh, I see.
Doctor, you must save him, Yu Niang
How is your brother in surgery?
Those anxious bloodlines scared my brother
He is now risking his life
How can you pick up a reporter like this?
And then inhumanity.
I'm dying now, big ghost
What are you going to tell them?
The news is true.
In their eyes, I am a mistress